README.md, before:

INIT
====

A <a href="http://farhadg.github.io/init/landing/" target="_blank">bookmarklet</a> to quickly get you to the first commit of a repo.

### Overview

Being able to quickly navigate to the oldest commit in a repo is quite helpful. Go ahead and drag the <a href="http://farhadg.github.io/init/landing/" target="_blank">bookmarklet (link)</a> onto your bookmark bar and click it whenever you'd like to go to the first commit of a repo.

### Usage

Go to any particular repo's landing page `(e.g. like the one you're on)` and click the bookmarklet, which will take you to the first page (initial commit). By default, it tracks the `master` branch, but if you change the `branch` on the landing page, it will go to that branch's first commit.

I'll probably build this into a browser extension soon, but for now, you can simply drag the bookmarklet to your bookmark bar and click it whenever you'd like.

### Coming

- Browser extension
- Better build process
- Support for BitBucket (others?)

By: <a href="https://github.com/farhadg" target="_blank">Farhad Ghayour</a>

Commit message:

Major upgrade using `fetch`
- Improved build system to automatically generate `index.html`
- Much smaller bookmarklet code length, thanks to Babili

README.md, after:

INIT
====

A <a href="http://farhadg.github.io/init/landing/" target="_blank">bookmarklet</a> to quickly get you to the first commit of a repo.

### Overview

Being able to quickly navigate to the oldest commit in a repo is quite helpful. Go ahead and drag the <a href="http://farhadg.github.io/init/landing/" target="_blank">bookmarklet (link)</a> onto your bookmark bar and click it whenever you'd like to go to the first commit of a repo.

### Usage

Go to any particular repo's landing page `(e.g. like the one you're on)` and click the bookmarklet, which will take you to the first page (initial commit). By default, it tracks the `master` branch, but if you change the `branch` on the landing page, it will go to that branch's first commit.

I'll probably build this into a browser extension soon, but for now, you can simply drag the bookmarklet to your bookmark bar and click it whenever you'd like.

### Coming

- Browser extension
- Support for BitBucket (others?)

By: <a href="https://github.com/farhadg" target="_blank">Farhad Ghayour</a>

#### Contributors

Thanks to all of these people who've improved INIT for everyone:

- [@PitaJ](https://github.com/PitaJ)
- [@JamesWP](https://github.com/JamesWP)
